Add VERILOG_INCLUDE_DIRS to Makefiles (#3189)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/newsfragments/3189.change.rst

> Added support for `VERILOG_INCLUDE_DIRS` for icarus, verilator, ius and xcelium in the default Makefiles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for :envvar:`VERILOG_INCLUDE_DIRS` in the Makefiles.
```

(Since you added it to most simulators.)
